README.md, before:

# Georges' Website

A personal website forked from [Minimal Mistakes Jekyll theme](https://mmistakes.github.io/minimal-mistakes/).

## About Georges

Recipient of the International [SpaceOps 2023 Award](https://www.esa.int/Enabling_Support/Space_Engineering_Technology/Shaping_the_Future/OPS-SAT_Flying_Laboratory_Wins_2023_International_SpaceOps_Award) for Outstanding Achievement. Co-Chair at the [IEEE AeroConf](https://www.aeroconf.org/) session in Machine Learning / Artificial Intelligence for Aerospace Applications. Georges Labrèche develops and operationalizes AI technology demonstrators on-board the European Space Agency's [OPS-SAT Space Lab](https://opssat1.esoc.esa.int/). His research focuses on leveraging edge computing for in-orbit machine learning and autonomous decision-making.

He received his B.S. in Software Engineering from the University of Ottawa, Canada, M.A. in International Affairs from the New School University in New York, NY, and M.S. in Spacecraft Design from Luleå University of Technology in Kiruna, Sweden. He founded [Tanagra Space](https://tanagraspace.com/), an Estonian-based AI consultancy that supports the OPS-SAT mission control team at ESOC in Darmstadt, Germany.

Commit message:

include a paragraph on people management

README.md, after:

# Georges' Website

A personal website forked from [Minimal Mistakes Jekyll theme](https://mmistakes.github.io/minimal-mistakes/).

## About Georges

Recipient of the International [SpaceOps 2023 Award](https://www.esa.int/Enabling_Support/Space_Engineering_Technology/Shaping_the_Future/OPS-SAT_Flying_Laboratory_Wins_2023_International_SpaceOps_Award) for Outstanding Achievement. Co-Chair at the [IEEE AeroConf](https://www.aeroconf.org/) session in Machine Learning / Artificial Intelligence for Aerospace Applications. Georges develops and operationalizes AI technology demonstrators on-board the European Space Agency's [OPS-SAT Space Lab](https://opssat1.esoc.esa.int/). His research focuses on leveraging edge computing for in-orbit machine learning and autonomous decision-making.

Georges is an experienced and empathetic people manager, notably as an Engineering Manager for digital product engineering. Thrives in environments with shifting priorities from ideation to delivery with diverse stakeholders across multiple teams in different time zones. He enjoys coaching, mentoring, growing, and retaining talent, as well as developing high impact collaborative relationships with product managers.

He received his B.S. in Software Engineering from the University of Ottawa, Canada, M.A. in International Affairs from the New School University in New York, NY, and M.S. in Spacecraft Design from Luleå University of Technology in Kiruna, Sweden. He founded [Tanagra Space](https://tanagraspace.com/), an Estonian-based AI consultancy that supports the OPS-SAT mission control team at ESOC in Darmstadt, Germany.
